+++
title = "Understanding coupling dynamics of public transportation networks"
date = 2018-10-14T10:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2018-10-14T10:30:00
time_end = 2018-10-14T10:50:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Zhihao Zheng"]

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Subway and bus networks work as an integrated multiplex transportation system and play an indispensable role in modern big cities. Even though a variety of works have investigated the coupling dynamics of multiplex transportation networks, empirical data that validates the determinant coupling factors are still lacking. In this paper, we employ smartcard data of 2.4 million subway and bus passengers in Shenzhen, China to study the coupling dynamics of subway and bus networks. Surprisingly, the coupling of subway and bus networks is not notably influenced by the time-varying speed ratio of the two network layers but is jointly determined by the distribution of travel demands and transportation facilities. Our findings highlight the important role of real travel demand data in analyzing the coupling dynamics of multiplex transportation networks. They also suggest that the speed ratio of different network layers, which was regarded as a key factor in determining coupling strength, has a negligible effect on travelers’ route selections, and thus the coupling dynamics of multiplex transportation networks."
abstract_short = "The coupling dynamics of subway and bus networks."

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "2018 Chinese Conference on Complex Network"
event_url = ""

# Location of event.
location = "Chongqing, China"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references 
#   `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this talk with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references 
#   `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides = ""

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder. 
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = "Image credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com/photos/bzdhc5b3Bxs)"

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = "Right"
+++

<!-- {{% alert note %}}
Click on the **Slides** button above to view the built-in slides feature.
{{% /alert %}}

Slides can be added in a few ways:

- **Create** slides using Academic's *Slides* feature and link using `url_slides` parameter in the front matter of the talk file
- **Upload** an existing slide deck to `static/` and link using `url_slides` parameter in the front matter of the talk file
- **Embed** your slides (e.g. Google Slides) or presentation video on this page using [shortcodes](https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/writing-markdown-latex/).

Further talk details can easily be added to this page using *Markdown* and $\rm \LaTeX$ math code. -->
